JCN 444 simplificar creacion sqs (#57)
jormaechea/sls-helper-plugin-janis: README.md

`https://subSubdomain.subdomain.{HostedZoneName}/customUrl/subpath`

> Expected URL to access CustomUrlLambda2: `https://subSubdomain.subdomain.{HostedZoneName}/customUrl2`

## :new: Hook Builders Helpers

This kind of Helpers aren't hooks, this helpers builds hooks (normally many of them) that together makes available some kind of resource.

> This helpers exist to create some kind of standard and re-utilize another hooks

### SQS Helper

This helpers must be use to create SQS resources and consumers with minimal data to a full customization.

#### Require Helpers

Diff to normal Hooks, it must be explicit require from the package.

```js
const { SQSHelper } = require('sls-helper-plugin-janis');  // eslint-disable-line

```

#### Permissions

> For use SQS resources, AWS permissions must be add, in other to make it easier, you can get it from the Helper using `SQSHelper.sqsPermissions` getter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use SQS resources, AWS permissions must be added, in order to make it easier, you can get them from the Helper using `SQSHelper.sqsPermissions` getter.
```

#### Build Hook

For build the Hook of:

- SQS Queue
- DLQ Queue
- Main Consumer
- DLQ Consumer (optionally)

You can use `SQSHelper.buildHooks(configs)` method. This create an _array_ of Hooks with the proper data.

**Parameters**
- `configs`: _Object_
	- `name`: **REQUIRED** | _String_ | The name of SQS, it will use for every resource, must be not empty and _camelCase_ to avoid problems creating the resources name.
	- `consumerProperties`: **OPTIONAL** | _Object_ | If it is not passed will use _default_ data.
	- `dlqConsumerProperties`: **OPTIONAL** | _Object_ | _Default_ the DLQ consumer **is not created**, must passed values to create one.
	- `mainQueueProperties`: **OPTIONAL** _Object_ | If it is not passed will use _default_ data.
	- `dlqQueueProperties`: **OPTIONAL** _Object_ | If it is not passed will use _default_ data.

> Only with a name can create everything except for the DLQ Consumer function

**Consumer Properties**:

> For both `consumerProperties`and `dlqConsumerProperties` fields can be customize with the following properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `consumerProperties`and `dlqConsumerProperties` fields can be customized with the following properties:
```

- `timeout`: _default_: 15 | Change the Function timeout (in seconds).
- `handler`: _default_: `src/sqs-consumer/[name in lowerCase]-consumer.handler` | Change the location of the file.
- `description`: _default_: `[name] SQS Queue Consumer` | Change the function description.
- `batchSize`: _default_: 1 (only for main consumer) | Change the SQS consumer batch Size.
- `maximumBatchingWindow`: _default_: 10 (only for main consumer) | Change the SQS consumer maximum batching window.

Some other properties
- `functionProperties`: To add other properties to the function (the same one in `function` hook).
- `rawProperties`:  To add rawProperties to the function for example changed a `DependsOn`.

> > Add other other properties will be added in the SQS events `functionResponseType`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Any other properties will be added in the SQS event, for example `functionResponseType`
```

**Queue Properties**:

> For both `mainQueueProperties`and `dlqQueueProperties` fields can be customize with the following properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `mainQueueProperties`and `dlqQueueProperties` fields can be customized with the following properties:
```

- `maxReceiveCount`: _default_: 5 (only for Main Queue) | Change the max receive count properties before sent the message to DLQ.
- `receiveMessageWaitTimeSeconds`: _default_: 20 (main Queue) or 5 (dlq).
- `visibilityTimeout`: _default_: 60 (main queue) or 20 (dlq).
- `messageRetentionPeriod`: _default_: 864000 (only for DLQ).

**Returns**: _array_ of Hooks

#### Quick hook example

```js

const { helper } = require('sls-helper'); // eslint-disable-line
const { SQSHelper } = require('sls-helper-plugin-janis');  // eslint-disable-line

// ...

module.exports = helper({
	hooks: [
		// other hooks

> 		SQSHelper.sqsPermissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// Permissions must be applied once
		SQSHelper.sqsPermissions
```

> 		// must be spread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// must be spreaded
```

Author: ![image](https://github.com/jormaechea/sls-helper-plugin-janis/assets/39351850/fcb61c59-7393-426e-87c8-d61a8a156335)

		...SQSHelper.buildHooks({ name: 'SessionEnded' })
	]
});

/*

Creates the following Hooks
// For permissions

	['iamStatement', {
		action: [
			'sqs:SendMessage',
			'sqs:DeleteMessage',
			'sqs:ReceiveMessage',
			'sqs:GetQueueAttributes'
		],
		// eslint-disable-next-line no-template-curly-in-string
		resource: 'arn:aws:sqs:${aws:region}:${aws:accountId}:*'
	}]

// For SQS Consumer

	['function', {
		functionName: 'SessionEndedQueueConsumer',

> 		handler: 'src/sqs-consumer/sessionEnded-consumer.handler',

Reviewer: Al path podriamos meterle un `kebabcase` para que quede mejor, no? Si lo hacemos, actualicemos la docu..

		description: 'SessionEnded SQS Queue Consumer',
		timeout: 15,
		rawProperties: {
			dependsOn: ['SessionEndedQueue']
		},
		events: [
			{
				sqs: {
					arn: 'arn:aws:sqs:${aws:region}:${aws:accountId}:${self:custom.serviceName}SessionEndedQueue',
					batchSize: 1,
					maximumBatchingWindow: 10
				}
			}
		]
	}]

// For SQS Resources

	['resource', {
		name: 'SessionEndedQueue',
		resource: {
			Type: 'AWS::SQS::Queue',
			Properties: {
				QueueName: '${self:custom.serviceName}SessionEndedQueue',
				ReceiveMessageWaitTimeSeconds: 20,
				VisibilityTimeout: 60,
				// eslint-disable-next-line max-len
				RedrivePolicy: '{"maxReceiveCount": 5, "deadLetterTargetArn": "arn:aws:sqs:${aws:region}:${aws:accountId}:${self:custom.serviceName}SessionEndedDLQ"}'
			},

> 			DependsOn: ['TestDLQ']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			DependsOn: ['SessionEndedDLQ']
```
